Happy Fat Tuesday. this is the Gospel of Matthew podcast from Perdido Bay Methodist Church.
And today is Tuesday, February the 17th, and our passage is Matthew 15, verses 1 through 12.
10 verses 1 through 20.
In this passage,
And we see what we have as known as the vice list from Jesus.
19.
People like to consider the grace of
Of Jesus the forgiveness of Jesus
The kindness of Jesus.
And all of these are
Qualities which we must embrace and give thanks for.
But out of this emerges what Jesus gives us in the vice list. it is because of his grace, because of his mercy.
Because of his great care for us.
That he tells us the things that will destroy.
"'He tells us the things that are out of bounds "'for those who are followers of him.'"
People,
I don't like to consider that Jesus draws a firm boundary in things that are difficult.
acceptable as followers of Jesus and things that are unacceptable.
There are limitations to the freedom that Christians have.
We are not forgiven of sin that we might that we may continue to persevere in sin
That we might willingly do the things that violate the will and the heart of God.
And Jesus tells us that it is in our heart where these things emerge.
Out of our heart emerged things that manifest in our hands, in our words, and in our actions.
"'If our heart is impure, our actions and our words will be also.'"
If our heart is pure
That also
It must be seen in our words and our thoughts today.
And in our actions
This is not mere morality. This is transformation.
Our heart must be transformed
By the holy spirit of god
When the Holy Spirit dwells within us, it leaves no place for things like slander or
False testimony, immorality, murdering, adultery,
These things,
Are moved out of the house.
Because when God dwells,
It leaves no space for things that are of darkness.
As we consider chapter 15, specifically these verses, it says,
1 through 20.
Let us think about the seriousness with which Jesus died for.
Jesus died that we might be forgiven of sin.
But also that we might no longer be mastered by sin.
That we would trust in him to cleanse us, to purify us, to shape us into his image.
His life,
His example, his will,
His way.
For he is the way, the truth, and the life.
And he tells us things that cannot be of the life,
I'm a follower of Jesus Christ. Amen.
Consider our heart.
What are we listening to?
What are we watching?
Who are we allowing to speak into our life?
Are we going first to the scripture or first to something else?
We must be going first to the scripture.
First to God, first in prayer, seeking his will,
Seeking his reign in our heart.
And out of this will flow everything else that Jesus has for us, things that do not defile, the things that enrich.
and show the abundance of life that God gives us.
In Jesus Christ.
Our producer for today's podcast is Kenny Stewart. Thank you.